heíd if you haven't kept up with the
other guy's not dead movies he's still
okay but let me recap for you in the
first one it was about a college kid
named Josh Whedon who goes up against
Hercules since his professor professes
the profession of God being dead and
this kids all like nah they debate he
dies in a car accidents and God's still
not dead there's a teacher who quotes
the Lord Christ like he reigns in the
heavens in order to make a point about a
historical figure in class and you know
she has all the right to do that but she
ends up going to court even though it's
about like freedom of speech and talking
religion in schools the court case ends
up being about putting God on trial and
whether he's dead or not I mean in the
movie they even show the kid who
snitched on her also praying for her and
giving her casserole at our house I
can't really explain that one but with
God's not that three it's not that's not
that three it's God's guys it's God's
not dead a light in darkness three okay
well with the third installment of this
franchise could they make it better am I
going crazy for thinking that this one
is actually a solid rented that actually
improves on the last ones let me explain
so in this one the pastor's church is
getting rioted against because they want
to kick it off at the college campus and
since they got a special effects budget
for this one a kid throws a brick inside
of the church it hits a pipe and it
makes the church lit but in the process
kills my man right here he was like my
favorite one too how dare you not make
this church fireproof we then go back in
momento like twelve hours earlier to see
that there's this girl who's struggling
with her faith and her boyfriend is
struggling with his eyebrows but he's
also got a back story of having beef
with the church so it turns out that
he's the American vandal and the one
responsible for my homies death what
kind of forever
pastor bro goes up to Chicago to
disrespect hot dogs with ketchup and
also to ask his lawyer brother to help
fight the administration in order for
him to keep the building what's cool
about this duel right here is that this
guy has left the faith years ago but he
stole you defending his little bro cuz
he believes his rights matter
my man's crashing Church mass to talk
with judges so he can get the end he's
chopping down trees since these legal
battles ain't nothing to him and he
needs something else to do he's chillin
eating zingers drinking Sierra Nevada
Pale Ales
now this is where it gets interesting to
me because at this point right this
sir for all the movies has been pretty
level-headed but pastor dude starts
going insane my man thinks he's Kendrick
and that nobody's praying for him he's
getting into fights with his friend
who's a part of the administration so
now he's up against them he starts
arguing with his brother who's helping
him pro bono he knocks the American
vandal out instead of forgiving him and
worst of all he tosses a Bible now you
know I'm always straight with you right
there are corny scenes in line in this
movie such as the line Jesus was the
original
social justice warrior they answered a
bunch of random clips from news people
yelling about other people yelling and
while the ending is corny er than
ethanol right what they do with lighting
up the world or whatever I ain't gonna
lie I was still surprised with the route
they went because there's a scene where
Pastor dude here decides to tell MLK jr.
jr. jr. jr. that he doesn't know what
it's like to face adversity and my man
literally hits him with a brother please
this dude then realizes that he's a part
of the problem with all the yelling that
he doesn't need a church to do good and
to just cause riots and he gives it up
so he can become a student center he
forgives the kid who did commit murder
and at the end the sights to light a
match and become a light in the darkness
think you guys checking out this video
like I said I'm surprised that it was
way better than the other two like I'm
not saying that it's a masterpiece that
it's the best of the I'm saying it's the
best of the deck I'm just kidding I
probably will be making another video or
my twin will be making another video in
the other channel where you're probably
breaking down like the theological
aspects of it because we've been
covering these movies for a bit on the
other channel and yeah they actually
listen to some things again it's still
cheesy it still still has its moments
but hey they got better cameras and they
actually for the first time ever were
willing to take some blame for being bad
Christians I'm curious on your thoughts
down below in the comment section don't
forget to comment like and subscribe and
I'll send you my favorite bible verse